NTTEAM OF REPORTERS STANDING BY
AFTER 2
THERE'S TOO MUCHIOGAIS ALONG TH.
.
ND HEA
REPOR OOF SER
SOLDIERSOINTNTGAZA AS WE
SPEAK? ÃÃVEN HON THIS I
ND AN EXED
OPERATION INSIDE OF GAZA.
CONTINUING TO HEAR THE
STEADY THUGS OF EXNS
CO FROM INSIDE T GAZA
IT'S EXTMEUS TO
CONTINUE TO BE HEARING
HIS LATE AT NIGHT
ANYES, IT'S BEEN CTHE EN HOURS.
NOT ONLY THE MOST INTEE
SUSTAINED BO
H THE NEAY
COVERING THIS WAR,
BUT THE LOUDEST OO SHAKING
RE T
WHICH IS ABOUT SIX MILES AWAY
FROM THE GAZA STRIP.D
OVERHEAD ARO
ACTIVITY AS WELL.
THESE ARE THE SIGHTS AND SOUND
IMAGES COMING OUT OF GAZA AND
THESE JUST
SO STUNNING
TERRIFYINGYOU CONSIDER
THAT THERE E PEOPLE  GAZA STRI
THATS
HAVE ONLY BEEN RISING OVER D
BEEN INTENSIFYING ITS STRIKES
OUME AND AO BEGINNTO
HIIS INTENDEOUS TUNNELS
IN PREPARATR A LA S
INON.
NOW WHAT WE DON'T KNOW ERIN IS
WHETHER OR NOT THIS EXPANDED
OPERATION THAT WE ARE
WITNESSING THIS IN NOT THAT IS
INVASION.
THALLYIL
WE DON'T KNOW YET WHATVENING.  L
T AT HEAR
MORE THUGS OVERHEAD RIGHT NOW Ã
ÃIS THAT THIS COULD RISK THE
NEGOTIATIONS THAT HAVE BAND VER
COMPLEX NEGOTIATIONS IN RECENT
AND SECURE
THOSE
LI HOSTAGES BEING HELD
INSIDE OGASPOKE SENI U.
ISRAE
DOING TONIGHT ÃÃNDIS OPES WILL .
BUT RTAINLAI L
BOUT THE FATE OF
ARLIER IN THE
AARON?
>> HELEREMY.
THANK YOU VEUCH.
I  GO
THE GOVERNMENTPOKESPERN
YOU ARE HEREH ER M.
U REORN OT HAPPENING RIGHTOW.
D?>>
MOMENT IS PUSHING
EA CAMPAIGN TO
DEFEAT A D OCTOBER 7
MASSACRE.IT'S BE OTHE S SINCE H
MUTILATING
WAY THROH HE
COMMUNITIES.
EY KILLE00 BUTULAR AND CELING 2
WITH THE CEASE-FIRE AND HAMAS
IS A WAR.
A AT HAMASRED ON
OOBER 7 ANDAR THAT WE
ARE GOING .
Wb
THOUSANDS OFRIKES,
SPECIAL SPECIAL
RATE SO ON GAZA NEARLY A DECADE
TONIGHT.
IT HAS
ARTHOURS.
STAYIAEISNGHO
GROUND OPERATIONS ARE NOT GOING
TOCOT ON
INRST ORTANT TO
HEAD ARE TO BE
LONGRE ARE GOING
ETWI END INSIDE
WITHMO HAMASN STGO AFTCKNCR,
EV EVERY
SOLDIER, AND WE WILLTOTALLDEGATA
LIOBER 7. >> IF YOU
TUNNYOT E DEATHS OF ISRAELI UT
DEMAL
PRESSURE.ATHBECAR HOSTAGNDNTERNL
ISRAELI NDTIC
PRESSURE IIM WHOLE WORLD TO
PUT MORE PRESSURE ON HAMASND
WANT OUR CIVILIANS BAC
IS REALITY OF E OFH TH
IT IY NOT SEE IT
THT O WEE HOLD YOUR HOSTAGES.
BEN NGTHAT
D AS, YOU'VESEN TO
CT. RID OF HAMAS
DEROATION AT TOOK THEM CAPTIVE .
THAT WE ARE NG IGAZANOT THE ACTN
PERSPECTIVE?Ãb
[INDISCERN>>NO COMMENT ON THT.
N
OT FOR YOU IN
ESE HOURS HERE AS bHAT YON
ND MORE
OUT.R NIGHT AT
IS T AN  T P I NOPERATIONAL HEW
STRIP H BECAUSE  IN
REAS'S COMMAND BUNKERS LS JUST
UNDERNEACHF COURSE AN ATROCIOUS
UT WAY.
SOISRAEL G DAYS AHE,  WAY
TEMPORARILY FOR THDSOPLE WHO AR
ATMATTERS, BUT WE'VE
DESTROY THE F ENTE.
G
ARE URGING CIVILIANS TO GET OUT
OF THE WAY FOR T OTY
RIGHT.
H.
I APPRECIATE YOUR TIME TONIGHT
TOHANK YOU.
>>SON FOR THE
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT NOW I A
RETIRED BEHODGES AOF THE U.S.
ENERAL START
WI Y.I WANT TO TALK
ROUND OFT ON GAZA UT
A DECADE THIS WEEK.
TONIGHT, THE
ZAINCOUL H
D REXP THAT TO CTILYAS DAWN APP
HERE.
ATLOOKING ATE UNIQUELY CER
IT COULD BE AN EXPANON
U STATED.
IT COULD B
WITHOR IT COULD  MESSAGESAYINGH
PLINOU
FORCES, THEEBE THE EFORE,  OF BL
EARLY STAGES OF GAZA >> GENERA
THIS, AS WE ARE KEEPING UP LIVE
GAZA BOTH PHASIZE  ALSO
PLE CASEE WHAT
EXPLOSIONS DO LIGHT UP THE
BECAUSE WE DO ON THERE ALONG THN
THERE DOPPTO BE PART OF
TO COMMENT ON WHETHER CONTINUE.
WHAT DO YOU THWE
OK OTHAND DOES THAT
ÃIS THAT NOW GOINTO REMAIN
THIS WAYE WITH HOW MARTIN
HAS KNOCK
OUT THE CO WOULD BE
A LOGICAL THING TO DO FOR TH
E E IT
DIRECTOR ON
TROOPS ITH FEELING TO F ISRAELI
ILL THE SPACES THAT ARE
THEY ARE GOING TO TRY D
DOMINATE AS MUF  C ATHEY CONTINO
AND THSOOR RATES THAT  IN IN IN
WHAR
WHTHERE POTENTL
AND NOW YOU'RE SEEINTHOF TROOPSA
INOR
THE SPOKESMAN JUST DESCRIBED IS
LOT OF THEM  BUT A
DONAT AC HEARTLAND, YOU
COMMITTED U.S. FORHERN IRA
E IN MOSUL.
IS THAT WORS
>> THIS IS EXP WORSE.
AARON.
THERE WERE A COUPLE OF FS WAS I.
OMMAND AND FOUGHT
SEVERAL MONTHSLONGIT
DICES.
THS TOUGH FIGHT.
EYRMOF RELATIVE ENEMY ACTION.
EGRESS.AND  CGRESS AND
S.T HAVE THE  THE KINDS
ESI
THEY DIDN'T HAVE T OR
THREE YEARS TO
SION INTO THMON AND STARTED GHT.
IS GOING TO  THEXPONENTIALLUGH
FAD.A SOBERINGNENTIALLY TOUGHER.
REING WITH
TUROUND
ASSAULT ON GAZA?
I MEAN, IF YOU'RE FLOATING
TUNNELS ARE THE ABSOLUTE CE  AN.
S HAPPENING
DEFENSBAY PP A TRAAS ANYBODY'S .
EY A
COMBINATION OF GROUND  WOTHER M
TUNNELS.HEY WILL B